#LyX 1.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 2.16
\textclass article
\language default
\inputencoding latin1
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

eZ trade installation guide
\layout Section

Dependencies
\layout Itemize

MySQL-3.22.32 (www.mysql.org)
\layout Itemize

PHP-4.0.3 (www.php.net)
\layout Itemize

ImageMagick-4.2.9 (www.imagemagick.org)
\layout Itemize

Apache-1.3.14 (www.apache.org)
\layout Itemize

libxml-2.1.1 (www.xmlsoft.org)
\layout Section

PHP install:
\layout Subsection

Unpack your php-4.0.x.tar.gz package: 
\layout LyX-Code

# tar zxvf php-4.0.x.tar.gz
\layout Subsection

Howto configure php 
\layout LyX-Code

# cd php-4.0.x 
\layout LyX-Code

# ./configure --with-xml --enable-trans-sid --with-mysql --with-magic-quotes
 --with-apxs --with-dom
\layout Subsection

Compile and install the PHP package 
\layout LyX-Code

# make 
\layout LyX-Code

# make install
\layout Section

Apache config
\layout Subsection

Apache modules
\layout Standard

The rewrite and php modules needs to be active to use trade.
 
\layout Subsection

Apache configuration
\layout Standard

This is an example of a httpd.conf virtalhost.
 Remember to change ipaddress, domainname mailaddress nad path to refelct
 your system.
\layout LyX-Code

NameVirtalHost [yourIPaddress]:80
\layout LyX-Code

# User site 
\layout LyX-Code

<VirtualHost yourdomain.org> 
\layout LyX-Code

  <Directory /home/trade/www> 
\layout LyX-Code

         Options FollowSymLinks Indexes ExecCGI 
\layout LyX-Code

         AllowOverride None 
\layout LyX-Code

\layout LyX-Code

  </Directory> 
\layout LyX-Code

RewriteEngine On 
\layout LyX-Code

RewriteRule !
\backslash 
.(gif|css|jpg|png) /your/apache/documentroot/index.php 
\layout LyX-Code

ServerAdmin your_mail@domain.no 
\layout LyX-Code

DocumentRoot /your/apache/documentroot
\layout LyX-Code

ServerName yourdomain.org 
\layout LyX-Code

ServerAlias www.yourdomain.org 
\layout LyX-Code

</VirtualHost>
\layout LyX-Code

\layout LyX-Code

# Admin site 
\layout LyX-Code

<VirtualHost admin.yourdomain.org> 
\layout LyX-Code

  <Directory /your/apache/documentroot/admin> 
\layout LyX-Code

         Options FollowSymLinks Indexes ExecCGI 
\layout LyX-Code

         AllowOverride None 
\layout LyX-Code

  </Directory> 
\layout LyX-Code

RewriteEngine On 
\layout LyX-Code

RewriteRule !
\backslash 
.(gif|css|jpg|png) /your/apache/documentroot/admin/index.php 
\layout LyX-Code

ServerAdmin your_mail@domain.no 
\layout LyX-Code

DocumentRoot /your/apache/documentroot/admin 
\layout LyX-Code

ServerName admin.yourdomain.org 
\layout LyX-Code

ServerAlias admin.yourdomain.org 
\layout LyX-Code

</VirtualHost>
\layout Section

Install eZ trade
\layout Subsection

Database install
\layout Itemize

Create a database, name it trade or whatever you like .
\layout LyX-Code

# mysqladmin -uroot -p create trade
\layout Itemize

Add a trade user in MySQL To add a user you can use the MySQL client
\layout LyX-Code

mysql>grant all on trade.* to trade@localhost identified by "secret";
\layout Itemize

Dump all the sql data from sql/trade.sql into your database.
 Remember that this command will remove the existing trade tables.
\layout LyX-Code

# mysql -uroot -p trade < sql/trade.sql
\layout Subsection

Install the php files
\layout Itemize

Put all the trade files in your apache documentroot.
\layout LyX-Code

# cd /tmp
\layout LyX-Code

# tar zxvf /path/to/eztrade-1.0.tar.gz
\layout LyX-Code

# mv /tmp/trade_dist /your/apache/documentroot
\layout Itemize

Edit site.ini and add all the modules you need, and set the username and
 password.
\layout Itemize

Run modfix, this is important.
 This script will create symbolic links needed and set permissions.
\layout LyX-Code

# ./modfix.sh
\layout Itemize

Start konqueror and have fun!
\layout LyX-Code

# konqueror http://yoursite.com
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
NOTE!: The default admin username and password will be admin/trade.
 Remember to change the password!!
\layout LyX-Code

\the_end
